♫ Close your eyes. I am so, so, so captivated by you like this ♫
♫ You fell into my colorful dream from last night ♫
♫ I want to work hard to gain your attention ♫
♫ Laying in your embrace ♫
♫ Listening to the sounds of rain outside the window ♫
♫ I can speak first ♫
♫ I want to accompany you to go catch the wind ♫
♫ Daydreaming together, a dream we cannot wake up from ♫
♫ A dream we cannot wake up from ♫
♫ Just want to wait until the rain falls first,
slowly making your hair wet ♫
♫ I seem to have used some kind of magic ♫
♫ Even a frozen river can melt ♫
♫ Is it like Zhuang Zhou's dream of becoming a butterfly? ♫
♫ You are a blessing and a blight ♫
♫ Then just accept it, accompanying you
in a peaceful and clear night ♫
♫ Listening to the temple's monk ringing the bell ♫
♫ Laying at the  Mount Nan loft relaxing ♫
♫ For you I hid my tears ♫
♫ Abandoned worldly affairs. I will find you
no matter the time and place ♫
♫ It's you for the rest of my life. I want to be closer to you ♫
♫ Meeting you in the mortal world ♫
♫ Meeting you, meeting you ♫
♫ Meeting you, meeting you, meeting you ♫
♫ Listening to the sounds of rain outside the window ♫
♫ I can speak first ♫
♫ I want to accompany you to go catch the wind ♫
♫ Daydreaming together, a dream we cannot wake up from ♫
♫ A dream we cannot wake up from ♫
[Love Is All]
[Adviser is upset and jealous; Lingyin is trapped in Phoenix Village]
[Episode 17]
It's so late,
why isn't Adviser back to report on the refugees?
If things were normal, she would definitely be back by now.
But now...
The county office's back yard is not a comfortable place.
Your Miss Jiang is tidying up as if it's her own home.
She even cleaned Adviser Tan’s study extremely thoroughly.
If it were me, I wouldn't come either.
I never imagined that you, the omnipotent and self-important Sir Tang,
would end up like this.
How does it feel to be ruined because of a woman?
Who's ruined because of a woman?
You're a winner! Your beloved has never looked you in the eyes.
Are... Are all women on earth the same?
I picked my beloved from tens of thousands.
It might be a challenge but there will be bitterness before the sweetness comes.
You picked yours from tens of thousands, but is my Adviser inferior?
Your Adviser has such an explosive disposition. I wouldn't want her even if she were gifted to me.
Hey, where are you going?
I'm bloated from all the food. I'm going for a walk.
Sit down and stop looking for excuses.
Going for a walk? You're going to be out all night.
Then first thing tomorrow morning, you'll be squatting in front of Gutang Bookstore.
That's right. You have more experience than me with this.
Can you not talk about me? Let's have a drinking competition.
Who wants to compete with you? I don't drink.
[Phoenix Village]
No way you're my husband!
Why did you hit a girl?
You hit me first.
An eye for an eye is how I live my life.
No matter if they're man or woman.
You are not chivalrous.
You don't look like a man at all.
Whether or not I am a man... Why don't you give it a try?
You wish!
I already have someone I like. I won't marry you.
Idiot girl!
You had better figure out your current situation.
If you don’t marry me, I can kill you at any time.
I am a bandit, not your father.
B-B-Bandits can also understand reason, right?
There are so many women in the world.
You don't need to insist on having me. How about this?
Let me go and I will find you an even more beautiful woman.
I won't.
I fell in love with you at first sight and it is meant to be. I won't trade.
I even pulled off your clothes when I first met you.
I'm not respectable so I'm not a match for you.
That's right.
You pulled off my clothes when you first met me.
You are the first girl to do that. You should take responsibility for your actions.
Th-There are a lot of ways to be responsible.
For example, if you want compensation for emotional damage, I can give you money.
What does money have to do with this?
I can get money by leaving the mountain and doing some random plundering.
No matter if you agree or not,
we'll conduct the wedding ceremony tomorrow night at this time. There's no room for discussion.
Where are you going?
Washing up and sleeping.
Be good and stay there.
Stay there.
- Sir—
- Shh!
He's asleep.
Head Constable Zheng, Sir Tang asked us to investigate Old Tie.
- In the last few days, there has been a new clue.
- That's right.
Rumors are that in the last few days, near the county office,
someone saw a suspicious man appear.
According to the description, his figure and appearance
are quite similar to Old Tie.
Then, what was he doing at the county office?
If he wanted to plead his case, he could come during the day.
Maybe he's worried.
Or maybe he wasn't here to plead his case.
Old Tie worked for their family for two generations.
But exactly two months ago,
there is no record of Old Tie's
clothing, food, housing, and transport in the accounts.
This means that before Sang Jie died, Old Tie
had already left the Sang Manor.
So only one person, Old Tie,
knows where the gold is.
So, Old Tie's appearance
is merely to make secret inquiries at the county office to
find out whether or not we know
the exact location of the hidden gold.
Tomorrow, all of you should
go together to the pawnshop to find Shopkeeper Wen and tell him
that all the impure gold on the market
should be collected.
We will exchange it with government money at a conversion rate of one to one.
There is only one condition and that is that
every person who comes to exchange must be recorded.
What are you doing? It's just us.
Why are you so covered up?
It's all because of you. Do you know who she is?
A woman.
That is the adviser of the Tongling County Office.
That's even better.
With a government official linking with bandits, our Phoenix Village
is about to start prospering!
Is now the time to make trouble?
Tang Feilong is currently investigating the gold mine.
Now you have kidnapped his adviser.
It's not a big deal if he brings troops to destroy Phoenix Village. However, if he finds out that those are our people,
we are all doomed!
You are making it sound so scary.
How many soldiers does Tongling have? Why would we be scared of them?
Look at you... We escaped death together and should be of one heart.
You are constantly thinking about splitting the gold.
When we first came to Phoenix Village, we agreed to help each other for better or worse.
Are you regretting it now?
If you get yourself in hot water
because of this woman,
our brothers will all be doomed with you.
Tomorrow's my wedding day.
Don't forget to come for some wedding wine. I'm off.
[Miaosheng Restaurant]
Why have you come?
You shouldn't do things that would reveal your identity, except as a last resort.
There's a matter I have to tell you right now.
Notify your adoptive father immediately so he can make preparations.
Tell me.
Tang Feilong is actually Tang Tianyuan.
What we should do now is
to ask your adoptive father to plan ahead.
We also have to make preparations for every eventuality.
Qingchen, why are you here?
My sister didn't return home last night. We searched all night but couldn't find her.
Sir, please help us find her.
She's not at Miaosheng Restaurant?
Dawang! Xiaoliu!
Gather all our men and find her!
- Adviser! Adviser!
Adviser, can you hear me?
- Adviser!
Sir.
- This is Adviser's shoe.
- Yes.
In front is Phoenix Mountain. Wild beasts can often appear in this area. Adviser Tan—
Nothing bad will happen.
Right, right. Maybe she dropped this shoe when she was running.
She ran away... She ran away...
Is someone keeping watch at the county office?
The assistant is there.
Where did you find this?
Just over there, beside the mud pit.
- Adviser!
- Adviser! Adviser!
[Miaosheng Restaurant]
Boss, give me half a kilogram of roast meat and a bottle of good wine.
We're not open today. Go somewhere else to eat!
What kind of attitude is this! Why bother opening a restaurant then?
Er Tong! I asked you to put up a notice, you're slacking off again!
I didn't. I didn't.
Boss, I just went to help you print out the missing person notice.
I only just got them printed.
Ask all the staff in the restaurant to go out and paste the notices.
Anyone who finds a lead will be heavily rewarded.
But Boss, are you sure that it we find her,
[Missing person notice]
we will reward them with a thousand taels?
Our restaurant doesn't have that much money!
Is this your business? Go!
Hey, come with me! Let's go and paste these notices.
Hurry up!
This time, I must save my wife
even if I have to sell this restaurant.
I can't let Tang Feilong be ahead of me.
Assistant Zhou.
Have they found Adviser Tan yet?
We found her shoe at the bottom of Phoenix Mountain.
Phoenix Mountain? Isn't that where bandits gather?
Did bandits kidnap Adviser Tan?
That's possible. But Adviser Tan has no grudges with the bandits.
If the bandits kidnap her, won't they be making enemies with the county office and cause more trouble for themselves?
I'm going to ask some watchmen
if they have any news about Adviser Tan.
Adviser Tan is a good person who will be protected by the heavens. Nothing bad will happen to her.
Oh right!  This is for you.
- This is...?
- Take it.
This... Even though I'm poor, I won't be corrupted!
I can't accept this.
Take it. This isn't for you, it's for your younger sister.
This is a few months of my salary and bonuses.
I have been so busy recently so I really don't have time to visit Miss Ruyi.
Pass it on to her and tell her not to worry.
Tell her I've been saving money. I'll be able to give her freedom back soon.
I'm going to find Adviser Tan now. Help me pass this to her,
Cousin!
[Zhongyi Hall]
Boss!
So pretty.
Boss, am I pretty?
Pretty.
Did your other eye go blind, too?
I asked you to buy a wedding dress. If you stole one that's fine,
but you had to steal one from a widow?
- Are you cursing me?
- No, no!
Do you want to become the King of the Mountain?
Boss, don't hit me anymore.
I'm only getting married once in this lifetime.
Get yourself down the mountain now and buy the most expensive one!
Money.
Off with you!
I know I'm as beautiful as a flower but you don't have to look at me like that.
Eat breakfast.
Are you not afraid at all?
I am. Will you release me if I'm afraid?
- I can't.
- There then.
Eat more. If you're full,
you'll have the energy to get married tonight.
The thing on your neck is a mark of a refugee, right?
You are worthy of being my wife. You're impressive!
Previously you helped Sang Jie privately mine gold.
Afterward, they wanted to kill you, but you escaped.
You also know this?
We were from the same village that was destroyed by disaster, so we came to Tongling.
Who expected that old man Sang Jie
would want to silence us after getting the gold.
I saw that the situation was bad so I brought a group of our brothers to run away.
I had no idea you had such a background.
But what does it have to do with me?
Anyway, I am about to gain a huge merit.
Don't you have a single shred of sympathy?
Why should I have sympathy?
You willingly became a bandit and then kidnapped me here to be your wife.
Why should I sympathize with you?
I just like how cool and emotionless you look when you're acting like a badass.
Don't worry. I won't marry you even if I have to die. Why don't you try?
Then go and die. After you die,
I'll set up a monument for you so when we can meet and enjoy pleasures together in the afterlife.
You are truly shameless!
I'm a bandit after all. You should enjoy your food
and I'll go see if your wedding dress is ready.
What are you doing?
Do you want to run?
- Who are you?
- Don't worry about who I am. I'm here to save you.
Why should I believe you?
You're the county office adviser, and we are bandits.
Duan Feng was seduced by your beauty and kidnapped you. He's essentially making enemies with the authorities!
I definitely won't let him put our brothers into danger.
You sound so sincere, but do you have ways to tackle the people outside.
Isn't this too rash?
- If you don't want to leave, then forget it.
- I'm going. I'll change.
- Brothers, work faster!
- Yes!
- Tonight we will drink good wine and eat meat!
Where are you going on my wedding day?
How can we not have good wine on your big day?
Wait for me, I'll bring you a few jugs.
- I'll have to trouble you then!
- Wait for me to return!
Zhongyi Hall... sounds joyous.
I've finally escaped!
Finally escaped!
Thank the heavens and the earth.
Uncle, you're really kind.
It's a pity if you continue being a bandit for the rest of your life.
Just wait a bit more. Once our Sir Tang solves the gold case,
you will have a great future!
What's your name?
My name is crude. Others call me...
Old Tie.
You're the Sang family's housekeeper, Old Tie?
That's right!
Did you think I would release someone who knows all the secrets?
Duan Feng insists on creating trouble for himself,
so I can only remove the trouble by its roots!
Put the sword down!
I knew you weren't an honest person.
I finally managed to escape from death. You better not endanger me again!
You're just scared I'll keep all your gold.
It was mine to begin with.
Stop your nonsense. You won't be getting my share.
Move aside!
Sir!
Was that Adviser calling me?
No.
- Where did Adviser Tan go?
- No idea.
Sir.
Any clues yet?
I've asked all the watchmen on shift last night. No one's seen Adviser Tan.
Cong Shun told me he saw bandits from the mountain
coming to buy wedding supplies.
The seller refused to take their money.
But the bandits didn't steal or make a fuss and paid for everything properly.
I think Adviser Tan really did get
kidnapped by bandits.
Have the emperor's reinforcements arrived?
Not yet.
Gather all the soldiers and horses in the county. Head to the mountain immediately.
Don't be anxious.
Phoenix Village is in the deepest part of Phoenix Mountain.
Not only is the terrain dangerous, but we also don't know how many people they have.
With just a few flawed officers like us...
You might not want to live, but they do!
I can't wait anymore.
Every second we wait puts her in more danger.
Just wait a little!
Perhaps the emperor's reinforcements will soon arrive.
How about this? I'll go to Phoenix Mountain to look around first.
I'll ask the hunters there if they know where Phoenix Village is.
Calm down. Don't be anxious.
Come with me!
Go!
I know how to walk!
[Loyalty and virtue]
Let go!
Duan Feng!
Can you be more gentle with me?
Oh?
You do know your husband's name. Not bad.
Were you born in the year of the dog?
Let me tell you!  If you dare to marry me,
I'll poison you day and night. I'll make sure you're completely dead.
You're threatening me?
I'm a bandit. Nothing scares me. Try leaving.
I'll leave!
Run? I'll punish you on the spot, do you believe me?
Hey!
I was just joking. If you have something to say, say it properly.
Stay here obediently.
Boss, there are officers from the county office hiding in the area.
Did they see you?
They're more blind than I am. They didn't see.
The wedding garment I was carrying was too obvious so I left it behind.
Whatever. We'll just use the one from the widow.
Look after her.
Try leaving!
Boss,
we've been searching day and night.
What are we looking for? What are we doing?
The informant said that my wife's shoe was found here.
Also, on the way here,
you saw Tang Feilong's people have started searching the mountains.
This means my wife is definitely here!
But Phoenix Mountain is so big, how will we find her?
You're stumped, right?
This is a dowsing rod. My father gave it to me before I left.
This dowsing rod will definitely lead me to my wife.
This time, we have to be the hero who saves the beauty and get there before Tang Feilong. Recite with me.
One must pass the obstacles to seek the dragon;
Each obstacle is another challenge;
Every obstacle is guarded by many dangers;
Obstacles are made of a mystic array. Lead the way!
A god who's here to guide us!
Excuse me,
brother, where's the path?
The path? Where you're standing.
You piece of trash!
I can't see very well.
They're acting so suspiciously. They don't look like bandits at all.
Are you stupid? We are the bandits.
What do we do?
Bring them.
This powder is colorless and scentless.
Just sprinkle it on the bedroom furniture.
Within three days the person‘s body will fester and die.
No one would know.
Assistant Zhou, what are you doing?
Sir Tang has specifically said that no one can come into his room.
Can I ask what your business is?
The county office has some matters to take care of.
I'm here to find him.
You are... Minister Jiang's daughter?
I am. I heard you liked to eat sweets.
What a coincidence! I recently acquired some specialties of Chizhou: walnut cookies.
I want to gift them to you, in case you feel homesick.
Thank you.
If there's nothing else, I'll head out.
The Phoenix Mountain hunters gave me a map of the mountain.
But it doesn't show where Phoenix Village is.
I heard the people at Phoenix Village are very sly.
They used the terrain to hide the village.
Apparently no one has come out of there alive.
All of the escaped miners must be hiding there.
Previously, Lingyin said that she met a refugee with a tattoo.
I'm afraid they'll kill her once they find out her identity.
No, no, no. Cong Shun told me the bandits were buying wedding supplies in town.
I don't think they'll think too much.
They just want her to be the bandit leader's wife.
The bandit leader's wife?
Hurry up and go to Chizhou right now! Find Zong Yinglin and ask for 500 soldiers!
Are we using your identity as the county magistrate to borrow them?
Borrow them using my imperial envoy identity. He'll have no choice but to comply!
We can't! You can't reveal your identity.
All our efforts will be wasted.
Also, we can't let His Majesty down.
We also can't disappoint the citizens.
We must save Adviser Tan but there's got to be another way.
How many soldiers can we deploy from the county?
Including me... 25 people.
Since they are using the terrain to hide,
then we will use the terrain
as an advantage to us.
[Phoenix Village]
Er Tong!
Where are we?
I don't know!
Wait.
Who are are you?
Yeah. Who are you?
Come here! Hang these two up and drop them into a pot of oil.
- Yes!
- Wait,
we can talk nicely.
I... I'm Zhu Dacong. My father is Jinan's magistrate.
If you kill me, my father will kill you in return.
Why don't you try?
- Jinan's Magistrate?
- Yes, yes, yes.
That's very impressive.
Where is Jinan again?
1500 kilometers away from Tongling.
- 1500km!
-1500km!
By the time your father arrives, you'll be a pile of bones.
I... I...
You... You are actually a bandit?
- That's right!
- We are bandits!
I am a bandit.
You didn't even realize you entered a thieves' den. Are you stupid?
I'm here to look for my wife.
Wife? Is it you?
Falling into your hands is God bullying me to the extreme!
Let me tell you, you bandit head.
- When I go to hell and see the King of Hell, I'll complain about you! I'll bite you to death!
- Wait!
Don't tell me your wife is Tongling's Adviser Tan.
That's right. You're scared, right? She's an adviser.
Screw you!
Come! We aren't putting him in oil anymore. Mince him up
to make flower paste for my wife!
- Hey!
- Mince him, mince him!
Come! I'm commiting suicide!
Come!
Where are you going?
Don't treat me like this!
I, Tan Lingyin, am a strong woman.
I would rather die with honor than live dishonorably.
Today... Today, I will fight you to the death.
Will you still not let me go?
To this strong woman...
your wound is no bigger than a fingernail.
If you want to fake a death you need to do better.
How about I help you?
There's no need. There's no need.
Why don't you... you have any sympathy?
You're cold, I'm ruthless. We're a match made in Heaven.
Let's discuss something.
Stop playing these tricks on me. You can't run away.
I know. You see... Isn't it bad to see blood on the day of our wedding?
Why don't we change the date? Next year... There's definitely an auspicious date next year.
As bandits, you care about that kind of stuff, right?
Do you think I'm an idiot?
If next year doesn't work... What about next month? There's probably an auspicious date next month, too.
- If next month doesn't work—
- Stop this nonsense!
I'm determined to marry you tonight.
I'm telling you!
My body belongs solely to my wife!
Look at me.
I'm still a virgin.
I must give my first time to my wife!
A virgin? A virgin?
- What are you doing? Don't push me!
- Virgin!
What's that noise?
Your lover is here. But don't worry. I'll turn him into flower paste later.
You have such bad taste. Why would you like someone like him?
Sir!
Zhu Dacong?
Zhu Dacong!
Wife! Wife!
- Why are you here?
- I finally found you.
Why did you come?
I came looking for you but then I met this bandit.
But I'm fine. Are you hurt?
I'm fine.
Let him go. He's not my lover.
Then, why does he call you wife?
I only have one lover but many people see me as their beloved. Got it?
Let him go.
That actually works out well.
I was actually worried that no one would attend the ceremony.
What does that mean? What do you plan on doing?
Idiot, tonight,
I'm going to marry your wife!
Keep dreaming!
- You are a toad that wants to eat swan meat!
- That's right.
How dare you, you damned bandit!
Once we've done the deal, I'll see what you have left to say.
Okay, okay, okay. Zhu Dacong,
look at what our situation is. Can't you grow some brains?
Will aggravating him help you?
And you! He's not that smart, so why are you being petty with him?
Let him go. He's my friend.
If you touch even a hair on his head, I won't marry you today.
You've agreed to marry me?
I have no choice.
Get some medicine for me to clean my wound.
Don't forget you have to buy it according to my instructions.
- I'll go right away!
- Go!
Wife,
you can't give in.
I'm not that dumb.
There's a ceiling above us, so let's duck our heads for now.
(T/N: yield and seek opportunity later)
Stop playing around. Get ready to drink at my wedding toast.
Loosen the ropes already!
Sir.
- Cong Shun, take five people to the cave on the cliff and set up with bows and arrows.
- Yes.
Dawang and Xiaoliu, take several people behind the creek
- and wait for orders.
- Yes!
Everyone else, go to your respective positions
and wait for orders.
Let's go!
Sir, everyone has already been deployed according to your plans.
But why do you think that Phoenix Village is near here?
On this mountain, there are three sources of water.
One is at the foot of the mountain and is used by the residents.
Another is a plentiful water source that is located on level ground.
And then there is this one where the terrain is narrow and rugged.
Think about it. If you were a bandit, which one would you choose?
I would naturally choose the place where the water is plentiful.
Wrong.
Look over there.
Although it is very narrow and isn't wide enough, but it runs through from top to bottom.
The terrain is rugged, dangerous, and complicated.
As far as a bandit is concerned, the more rugged the terrain, the easier it is to defend.
So unless I have guessed wrong, Phoenix Village should be near here.
Although what you said makes sense, but... but this...
Near the water source is a blind spot with a radius of 15 kilometers.
Even if we lie in wait, we can't succeed with one strike and can only wait.
We can only wait for the bandits to descend the mountain.
We can only find the precise location when we find him.
If no one comes down before dark, then we will attack our way up.
Boss! Boss?
Boss, drink some water.
I don't want to drink.
I want to die of thirst
as a sacrifice for lost love.
Come on. There's no need for you to act this way.
Drink this bowl of water then go and change.
Why do I have to change?
You forgot?
Boss Duan has already said
that you are considered Adviser Tan's family.
Tonight, you are to marry her off.
Screw him!
If he really dares to forcibly marry my wife,
I will have my father
conquer this mountain village so he regrets it!
Boss, by the time your father arrives, they'll be gone.
What about Tang Feilong?
Doesn't he have a lot of skill?
Where is he?
Tang Feilong? Where are you?
Wife has run away!
You useless person! Screw you!
You're more useless than me!
♫ The overnight spring breeze, as I go out into the world,
hoping not to disappoint ♫
♫ To roam the world, just this ferry of longing, I can't let go ♫
♫  The ferry keeps floating, but the way back seems endless ♫
♫ The chilling waters brought a lonely boat that caught my eye ♫
♫ A fierce horse, where is it going in this mortal world? ♫
♫ Where can I leisurely see to the limit of the cloud and stars ♫
♫ On an ancient road, as the sun sets,
I asked the young bamboo ♫
♫ When will you reply? ♫
♫ Only when you come here boundless ♫
♫ Can you drink till drunk ♫
♫ To also leave boundless ♫
♫ Freely pick a song ♫
♫ A good dream, a youth’s travels ♫
♫  The swaying shadows from the candle and
longings are still the same as that year’s ♫
♫ Who is lamenting under the moon?  ♫
♫ Half of a wooden home door is open ♫
♫ I sober up in my hometown ♫
♫ A single flourishing blossom tree is hazier
after being hit by the rain ♫
♫ A lonely lit lamp reflects onto the paper window endlessly ♫
♫ Endlessly, it cannot end, this spring flower ♫
♫ Seeing the dried up vines and hearing the winters crows,
too busy to rest ♫
♫ A stream of west wind, welcomes Tusu (wine), in pursuit ♫
♫ In pursuit of the four seasons, the oceans, but I hesitate ♫
♫ When the brush stops, the wind stops, sleep stops ♫
♫ The long journey home ♫
♫ Only when you come here boundless ♫
♫ Can you drink till drunk ♫
♫ To also leave boundless ♫
♫ Freely pick a song ♫
♫ A good dream, a youth’s travels ♫
♫  The swaying shadows from the candle and
longings are still the same as that year’s ♫
♫ Who is lamenting under the moon? ♫
♫ Half of a wooden home door is open ♫
♫ I sober up in my hometown ♫
♫ Listen to the wind ♫
♫ Accompanied by pear blossoms, I drink until drunk  ♫
♫ And another cup ♫